reorganize and update documentation (#125)
JuliaImages/juliaimages.github.io: docs/src/tutorials/install.md

* [`Plots`](https://github.com/JuliaPlots/Plots.jl) maintained by JuliaPlots is a general plotting package that support image display.
* [`Makie`](https://github.com/JuliaPlots/Makie.jl) is also maintained by JuliaPlots but provides rich interactive functionality. 

To visualize multiple images in one frame, you can create a bigger image from multiple image sources with [`mosaicview`](@ref),
which is an enhanced version of `cat`s.

```@setup mosaicview
using Images, TestImages
```

```@example mosaicview
img1 = testimage("mandrill") # 512*512 RGB image
img2 = testimage("blobs") # 254*256 Gray image
mosaicview(img1, img2; nrow=1)
```

```@example mosaicview
img = testimage("mri-stack") # 226×186×27 Gray image
mosaicview(img; fillvalue=0.5, npad=2, ncol=7, rowmajor=true)

> ```

Reviewer: :+1:

## Troubleshooting

Reading and writing images, as well as graphical display, involve interactions with external software libraries;

> occasionally, the installation of these libraries goes badly. Fortunately, the [artifact system](https://julialang.org/blog/2019/11/artifacts/) shipped with Julia at least 1.3 has made this process much reliable, so if you're experiencing any installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
occasionally, the installation of these libraries goes badly. Fortunately, the [artifact system](https://julialang.org/blog/2019/11/artifacts/) shipped with Julia at least 1.3 has made this process much more reliable, so if you're experiencing any installation
```

> trouble, please try with a newer Julia release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
trouble, please try with Julia 1.3 or higher.
```
